# paper-news-backend-v2

This is a sample template for paper-news-backend-v2 - Below is a brief explanation of what we have generated for you:

```bash
.
├── README.md                   <-- This instructions file (here)
├── gin-lambda                  <-- Source code for a lambda function
│   ├── main.go                 <-- Lambda function code
│   ├── controller              <-- Controller layer
│   ├── service                 <-- service layer
│   ├── repository              <-- repository layer
│   └── gen                     <-- Codes generated by tools
│   └── Dockerfile              <-- Dockerfile for building image 
├── db                          <-- Settings for local db
│   ├── migrations              <-- Migration files
│   ├── init.sql
│   ├── my.cnf
│   └── dbconfig.yml            <-- Config for migration tool
├── Makefile
├── docker-compose.yml          <-- For debug on local
└── template.yaml
```

## Requirements

* AWS CLI already configured with Administrator permission
* [Docker installed](https://www.docker.com/community-edition)
* SAM CLI - [Install the SAM CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/serverless-application-model/latest/developerguide/serverless-sam-cli-install.html)

You may need the following for local testing.
* [Golang](https://golang.org)

## APIs
### GET /greet
```
$ curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:3000/greet

{"message":"Hello World"}
```

### GET /papers
```
$ curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:3000/papers 

{
  "message":"ListSuccess",
  "result":[
    {
      "id": 1,
      "article_id": "http://arxiv.org/abs/XXX",
      "title": "hogehoge",
      "abstract": "piyppiyo",
      "abstract_jp": "" (emtpy now),
      "created_at": {
        "Time": "2024-12-04T04:27:37Z",
        "Valid":true
      },
      "updated_at": {
        "Time": "2024-12-04T04:27:37Z",
        "Valid":true
      }
    },
    ...
  ]
}
```

### POST /papers/reflesh
```
$ curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"max_size":30}' http://127.0.0.1:3000/papers/reflesh

{
  "message":"RefleshSuccess: refleshed newest 30 papers"
}
```


## Setup process

### Installing dependencies & building the target 

In this example we use the built-in `sam build` to build a docker image from a Dockerfile and then copy the source of your application inside the Docker image.  
Read more about [SAM Build here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/serverless-application-model/latest/developerguide/sam-cli-command-reference-sam-build.html) 

### Local development

**Starting Database**
```bash
docker network create -d lambda-local
docker compose up -d db --build
```


**Invoking function locally through local API Gateway**

```bash
sam local start-api --docker-network lambda-local
```

If the previous command ran successfully you should now be able to hit the following local endpoint to invoke your function `http://localhost:3000/greet`

**SAM CLI** is used to emulate both Lambda and API Gateway locally and uses our `template.yaml` to understand how to bootstrap this environment (runtime, where the source code is, etc.) - The following excerpt is what the CLI will read in order to initialize an API and its routes:

## Packaging and deployment

To deploy your application for the first time, run the following in your shell:

```bash
sam deploy --guided
```

The command will package and deploy your application to AWS, with a series of prompts:

* **Stack Name**: The name of the stack to deploy to CloudFormation. This should be unique to your account and region, and a good starting point would be something matching your project name.
* **AWS Region**: The AWS region you want to deploy your app to.
* **Confirm changes before deploy**: If set to yes, any change sets will be shown to you before execution for manual review. If set to no, the AWS SAM CLI will automatically deploy application changes.
* **Allow SAM CLI IAM role creation**: Many AWS SAM templates, including this example, create AWS IAM roles required for the AWS Lambda function(s) included to access AWS services. By default, these are scoped down to minimum required permissions. To deploy an AWS CloudFormation stack which creates or modifies IAM roles, the `CAPABILITY_IAM` value for `capabilities` must be provided. If permission isn't provided through this prompt, to deploy this example you must explicitly pass `--capabilities CAPABILITY_IAM` to the `sam deploy` command.
* **Save arguments to samconfig.toml**: If set to yes, your choices will be saved to a configuration file inside the project, so that in the future you can just re-run `sam deploy` without parameters to deploy changes to your application.

You can find your API Gateway Endpoint URL in the output values displayed after deployment.

### Testing

We use `testing` package that is built-in in Golang and you can simply run the following command to run our tests locally:

```shell
cd ./hello-world/
go test -v .
```
# Appendix

### Golang installation

Please ensure Go 1.x (where 'x' is the latest version) is installed as per the instructions on the official golang website: https://golang.org/doc/install

A quickstart way would be to use Homebrew, chocolatey or your linux package manager.

#### Homebrew (Mac)

Issue the following command from the terminal:

```shell
brew install golang
```

If it's already installed, run the following command to ensure it's the latest version:

```shell
brew update
brew upgrade golang
```

#### Chocolatey (Windows)

Issue the following command from the powershell:

```shell
choco install golang
```

If it's already installed, run the following command to ensure it's the latest version:

```shell
choco upgrade golang
```

## Bringing to the next level

Here are a few ideas that you can use to get more acquainted as to how this overall process works:

* Create an additional API resource (e.g. /hello/{proxy+}) and return the name requested through this new path
* Update unit test to capture that
* Package & Deploy

Next, you can use the following resources to know more about beyond hello world samples and how others structure their Serverless applications:

* [AWS Serverless Application Repository](https://aws.amazon.com/serverless/serverlessrepo/)
